THOUGH SHOP AT ROUTE THOSE HE
HID IN THE BUSHES WITH A RIFLE
LYING IN WAIT TO LONG TRUMP'S
INTERNATIONAL GOLF COURSE NEAR
MAR-A-LAGO ROUTE FLED THE
SCENE BUT WAS ARRESTED MINUTES
LATER OUR SAID JOINS US HERE
IN THE STUDIO WITH DEVELOPING
DETAILS. CARLOS RECURRING WE
ARE LEARNING MORE INFORMATION
ABOUT THE SUSPECT WHO
AUTHORITIES SAY TRIED TO TAKE
MISTER TRUMP'S LIVE.
WEINROTH IS FROM HAWAII IN
THE CAR. HE WAS DETAINED IN IS
REGISTERED TO HIS DAUGHTER.
TONIGHT, A MOTIVE IS STILL
UNCLEAR, BUT ROUTH WAS A
PASSIONATE SUPPORTER OF
UKRAINE THE FBI SAYING TRUMP
WAS THE INTENDED TARGET OF AN
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT THE
SECOND. AND AS MANY MONTHS. A
THOROUGH INVESTIGATION IS
UNDERWAY INTO THE
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT ON
FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
AT HIS FLORIDA GOLF COURSE IN
WEST PALM BEACH.
FORMER PRESIDENT DONALD
TRUMP IS SAFE AND ON
AUTHORITIES IDENTIFIED THE
SUSPECT AS 58 YEAR-OLD RYAN
ROUTE SOME OF THE ITEMS
RECOVERED AT THE SCENE
INCLUDED BACKPACKS AND A
RECORDING DEVICE IN THE BUSHES
WHERE THIS GUY WAS.
IS AK 47 STYLE RIFLE WITH A
SCOPE. 2 BACKPACKS WHICH WERE
HOME ON THE FENCE THAT HAVE
CERAMIC BY LITTLE AND A GO
TRUMP WAS NOT INJURED DURING
THE INCIDENT THAT TOOK PLACE
JUST BEFORE 02:00PM LOCAL
TIME.
AUTHORITIES SAY THE GUNMAN
WAS ABOUT 400 YARDS FOR MISTER
TRUMP. THE SECRET SERVICE
AGENT FIRED AT THE SUSPECT
WHAT AUTHORITIES SAY WAS
POINTING AN AK STYLE RIFLE
WITH A SCOPE INTO THE CLUB
WERE TRUMP WAS PLAYING GOLF
WHAT THEY DO IS THEY HAVE.
AND JUMPS ONE HOLE AHEAD OF
TIME THE PRESIDENT WAS AT. AND
HE WAS ABLE TO SPOT THIS RIFLE
BARREL STICKING OUT OF THE
FENCE AND IMMEDIATELY ENGAGE
THAT INDIVIDUAL THE SUSPECT
DROP THE RIFLE BEFORE GETTING
INTO AN SUV WHERE HE WAS LATER
TAKEN INTO CUSTODY PULLED OVER
ON A FLORIDA HIGHWAY.
OF HAWAII HAS BEEN ACTIVE
ON SOCIAL MEDIA, CRITICAL OF
TRUMP WHILE EXPRESSING SUPPORT
FOR UKRAINE RAISING FUNDS FOR
FOREIGN FIGHTERS. HOURS AFTER
THE INCIDENT PRESIDENT TRUMP
E-MAILING HIS SUPPORTERS QUOTE
I AM SAFE AND WELL, NOTHING
WILL SLOW ME DOWN I WILL NEVER
SURRENDER. THIS COMES JUST 9
WEEKS AFTER THE REPUBLICAN
PRESIDENTIAL NOMINEE SURVIVE
ANOTHER ATTEMPT ON HIS LIFE AT
A CAMPAIGN RALLY IN
PENNSYLVANIA VICE PRESIDENT
AND DEMOCRATIC PRESIDENTIAL
NOMINEE KAMALA HARRIS PUT OUT
A STATEMENT READING IN PART
QUOTE I CONDEMN POLITICAL
VIOLENCE. WE ALMOST DO OUR
PART TO ENSURE THIS INCIDENT
DOES NOT LEAD TO MORE VIOLENT
TRUMP'S RUNNING MATE, OHIO
SENATOR JD VANCE POSTING ON X,
I'M GLAD PRESIDENT TRUMP IS
SAFE. I SPOKE TO HIM BEFORE
THE NEWS WAS PUBLIC AND HE WAS
AMAZINGLY IN GOOD SPIRITS. AND
PRESIDENT BIDEN ALSO PUT OUT A
STATEMENT COMMENDING THE WORK
DONE BY THE SECRET SERVICE
TONIGHT, MISTER TRUMP IS SAFE
BACK AT HIS MAR-A-LAGO RESORT.
HE ALSO THANK THE SECRET